a fishy smell at your place
not the one a nice salmon stick has
doesn't mean you forgot to throw away
the garbage with last night's dinner
fish bones
such a notches odor means you may want
to check the electrical equipment in
your home
frayed wires faulty breakers overheated
electrical systems
and overloaded circuits may smell fishy
all those wires are coated with plastic
that emits fish odor when it heats up
significantly
if you smell rotten eggs in your house
call the plumber straight away
the most obvious reason is the sewage
and drain problems
but such a smell can also be produced if
you've got problems with the water
heater
another possible culprit might be a gas
leak
manufacturers add some distinct bad
smelling chemical to natural gas
so that people could notice even the
tiniest leak on the spot
some believe you can smell carbon
monoxide thanks to these additives
but unfortunately it doesn't work this
way
this gas is a dangerous byproduct of
burning and
it's not stored anywhere unlike natural
gas so
no scent can be added to it beware
as many other nasty things mold does
have a smell
and a rather distinct one it smells
earthy and musty
it's not uncommon to find it wherever
water is present and trapped
like an unknown leak in the walls mold
spores can grow as a result of this
moist patch
and can cause pretty serious health
issues
another reason why your bathroom may
smell kind of funky
is the stagnant water or some residues
in the drain
if you've already called the plumber but
they can only come the day after
tomorrow
well there's a cool hack on how to mask
the smell
add a couple of drops of any essential
oil that you like
on the toilet paper roll yeah the
problem is still here
but at least you don't choke on this
stagnant stink
if you blame the toilet brush on the
stick in your bathroom
squirt some scented detergent right into
the holder
you can also create your own diy scent
mixing a glass of distilled water
a tablespoon of your favorite essential
oil and a tablespoon of rubbing alcohol
the latter is going to take care of
those bacteria and essential oil will
hide the bad smells
plus it's not likely to cause any
allergic reactions
dishwasher is supposed to be resident
clean but in fact the moldy smell in
your kitchen can come from there
warm and damp environment is perfect for
mold spores
and if there's some food residue it's
just a real paradise for mold
to get rid of it run a dry heat cycle
with no dishes
make sure you've flushed all the
interiors including the filters and
panels
sometimes the silverware baskets can get
pretty moldy too
remove them and soak them in some
diluted antibacterial detergent for an
hour or so
rinse thoroughly before using if you're
allergic to mold
get ready for all kinds of nasty
symptoms like
cough sneezing itch you name it
sometimes people live with these chronic
problems
and have no idea it's because mold is
growing in places they can't see with
their own eyes
if you do find mold in your home say in
the bathroom where it's often wet
non-ammonia cleaner or dish soap can be
used to remove it
be sure to protect your skin with gloves
and wear long
sleeves and a respirator to keep
yourself from breathing
in the spores if you have a particularly
large area of mold
it's best to hire a professional to come
take care of it in the safest way
possible
your towel may smell moldy too make sure
you don't use the same towel more than
three times in a row
it accumulates bacteria plus a wet and
dirty towel can be pretty smelly
a couple of extra pinches of baking soda
once in a few washings
will help get rid of all the bacteria
if your bedroom smells rotten the
problem may be about your mattress
recent tests taken from seven-year-old
mattresses
showed there were over 15 million
colony-forming units of bacteria per
square inch
it's like the whole universe in your bed
there are all kinds of filth
yeast mold even staphylococcus bacteria
baking soda may help you out again sift
some on the mattress
and let it sit for half an hour then
clean it with a vacuum
it's better if you got a brush
attachment
beware of weird sounds at your place too
clicking and knocking in winter or fall
of course
can be explained by turning on the
heating for the first time during the
fall season
sometimes the problem is about the
radiators and some condensed steam stuck
in the system
it's all about the air that expands and
contracts in the radiators
because of temperature change to fix it
you may want to try
bleeding the radiators bubbling sound in
your home may be of a different nature
strangely it may be the sound of a water
leak
if you're not sure shut off the water
main again and listen
attentively in case the sound stops when
the line's off
and comes back as soon as it's on call
the plumber
if nothing changes it may be the water
heater
sometimes the sediment stays at the tank
bottom and bubbles
every time the water gets heated so
draining the tank could be a great idea
if the ac filter is dirty it may produce
some quite weird
blood curdling sound a dirty filter
means the split system can't suck in the
air freely
so it has to get it from around the
filter it may not be that
obvious during the day but it's gonna
drive you nuts at night
well just change the filter and have
your sweetest dreams
if you're planning to move into a new
house check the walls before picking one
surprisingly walls covered with 20
layers of paint are a good reason to
worry
unlike old cracked walls fresh paint is
a tell-tale sign
probably there's something to hide ask
the landlord why they had to urgently
cover those walls
now look at the ceiling once you know
about the dangers of popcorn ceilings
you'll never want one hovering above
your head again
that's because not only do popcorn
seedlings collect dust and
look well really ugly they can contain a
toxic substance called
cue the horror music asbestos
asbestos is made up of a whole alphabet
soup of naturally occurring and hard to
pronounce crystal fibers
what makes asbestos a desirable building
material
is its crazy strength and ability to
withstand high temperatures
it can also be resistant to chemicals
and even electricity
some old homes may have more than one
layer of roofing
and sometimes these could contain
asbestos
too many trees in the front yard pose a
certain danger too
they may fall during a storm or even
catch fire because of lightning
remember that removing trees can be
pricey plus
various shrubs can hide thousands of
bugs you don't want to have in your
house
of course when nasty little roaches and
ants invade your home
you go for something really poisonous
unfortunately those pesticides you're
dousing them in
are bad for you too to prevent this from
happening
always clean up any bug spray you use in
your home
after it served its purpose and be sure
to store any pesticides away from food
products
or anything else that touches your skin
underneath a sink or in a garage
is usually a safe bet
[Music]
your carpeting may seem innocuous enough
but
it's emitting some potentially dangerous
chemicals
known as volatile organic compounds vocs
which come from the glues and dyes in
the carpet
remember that your new carpet might
release various chemicals during the
first days
you also should consider that carpet can
trap pollutants
dust mites pet dander mold dirt and more
that can adversely affect anyone with
respiratory issues
to prevent potential hazards keep the
windows open for the first few days
after the new carpet is installed
so the vocs can escape and vacuum your
carpeted floors regularly
to rid the fibers of potential
pollutants wow
i think i'll move to a cave sounds safer
is that a bear